Chris P. Bacon: My Life So Far...

I'm not very old, just a little pigletm but my life sure has been exciting so far!

You see, my name is Chris P. Bacon. I know... funny name for a pig.

Maybe you've heard of me or seen me on TV? Well, if not, let me start from the beginning...

My first memory is of the day I was taken to the veterinarian's office. You probably know this, but a veterinarian is a doctor who takes care of animals.

Anyway, I remember being handed to a kind-looking man named Dr. Len who smelled like cinnamon.

He looked into my eyes and smiled and said, "You can come home with mee, and we'll have a good life together."

As we drove home that night, Dr. Len - or Dad, as I call him now - explained something to me that I had been wondering about.

"You are a special pig. Your back legs don't work like most pigs, but that's okay. You are UNIQUE."

Hmmmm... I thought. I like the sound of that... Yooooo-neek! "Oink-Oink," I said.

When we got home and I saw all the animals that were going to be my new pals - like Duma (the cat) and Aspen (the dog) - I squeeeeealed with delight.

Dr. Len's family welcomed me with hugs and kisses, and I knew I was going to like it there!

It had been the longest day of my short life, and I was tired, so I curled up by the warm fire in a pile of snuggly blankets and drifted off to a happy sleep.

I dreamed of playing with my new family and being set free in a pie shop!

In the morning, after a breakfast of oatmeal topped with blueberries (yum!), Dad showed me a funny-looking thing with wheels. It looked like a toy!

"This is for you, Chris - it's a cart. I made it to hold up your back legs so you can run around and play." How awesome, I thought. "Oink-Oink," I said.

Dad put the cart on me, and I could stand up, but boy was it hard to get going at first. The straps felt strange, and my wheels kept popping up in the air.

But after lots of practice, and with everyone cheering me on, I was rolling!

A few weeks later, while I was trying to get a marshmallow out from under the couch, Dad shouted, "Look, Chris! You're on YouTube." I popped my head up, and sure enough, there I was!

I guess Dad had posted a video of my first try with my cart. After that, the phone would not stop ringing. It seemed like everyone had seen my video and thought I was the cutest, most bravest pig ever!

Boy, did my life get busy after that! Everyone wated to know about me and my cart. I got to visit lots of TV shows in different cities and make all kinds of new friends.

People kept calling me "Inspring," which I think means that I make them feel like they want to do their very best.

All I want to do is make people smile, and Dad says I do that all the time. It seems to me that if you make people smile, it puts them in good mood...

And if you're in a good mood, it's easier to think positive... and if you think positive, who knows what you can do? Or in other words, Oinkity-Oink-Oink-Oink!

Traveling all over has been a great adventure.

I even went to New York City, stayed in a hotel room, and had a hot fudge sundae delivered to my door!

Being famous is all really fun and exciting, but now I'm happy to be back home with my family, playing with Aspen and Duma and getting as dirty as possible.

The best thing about my new life is that I get to meet people and animals who are different... just like me.

I think that when they see what a tiny pink pig can do with a little help - and a lot of grunting - it makes them realize that they can do all kinds of things, too. It's cool to be yooooo-neek!