Three Bears in a Boat
Once there were three bears, Dash, Charlie, and Theo, who live by the sea. Look at the picture! Dash wears a green hat. Charlie wears an orange scarf. 
And Theo is in the striped shirt. Dash, Charlie, and Theo can't wait to share their adventure story with you. Let's turn to the next page.
One day, when their mother was out, the three bears did something they really shouldn't have, and with a crash, their mother's beautiful blue seashell lay scattered in pieces across the floor. 
Afraid of their mama, who, after all, was a bear, the three fled from their house down to the beach, and huddled behind their boat. Theo whispered nervously, 'What should we do?' \nCharlie just crossed her arm and stared out at sea.It was Dash, as usual, who had an idea. What if we find another blue seashell, and put it back before Mama gets home? She'll never even know that anything happened.\u201d
Charlie and Theo smiled. And so just like that, the sly bears slid their boat into the sea and set sail. Their sail flew open like a wing, and the boat flashed across the water. Dotting the sea around their home were many other bears in boats. Surely one of them would know where they could find a blue seashell.
But the bears on the first boat did not have any idea where to look. The bears in the second boat were a little confused. 
And the bears in the third boat seemed a bit busy.
Then they met a big, salty bear, and asked him if he knew where any blue seashell might be. The salty bear looked them up and down with his keen, old sailor eyes. \u201cI reckon I might,\u201d he said. [slow and low] 
\u201cA ways over yonder,\u201d he told them, `is an island shaped like a lumpy hat.  On that island, there may be a seashell, a beautiful blue one. It could be underwater, or in the tallest tree, or on the very top of the mountain. It might even be hidden in a cave. I'm not dead certain, but, if you look in the right place,  I reckon you'll find it. \nAs he began to motor away, the three little bears yelled their thanks to him. 'Just look in the right place,' he said with a wave of his big old paw.
Excited, and sure that they would soon have a new shell for their mother, the three bears sailed on. They sailed past islands that looked like a lot of fun. Look at the picture, there is a giant ferris wheel! 
And (they also sailed) past some islands that maybe didn't look so fun. Hmmm, the dark islands around them look kind of scary.
Their voyage was not without incident. Look at the boat! A whale picked it up off the water!
They sailed on further than they had ever gone before.
They sailed until the island rose in a hump before them, then began to search for the seashell. 
Look at the picture, the bears are diving into the sea. They didn't find it underwater.
It wasn't in the tree. Nor on top of the mountain.
Then they found a small cave, \"I'm not going in there\" squeaked Theo. \"It's dark!\" \"But it has to be the right place,\"said Dash, peering in. 'We looked everywhere else. Then Charlie walked inside. Bears afraid of a cave?' she snorted, and the other followed. Inside, the cave was small and dark, and there was definitely no blue seashell.
The three were most unhappy, and stared at each other with very squinty, very mad bear eyes, all the way back to their boat. They had no blue seashell, and they felt very far from home. 
Back on the boat, the three bears began to argue. Dash said to Theo, \u201cWe're all stuck out their because you broke the seashell\u201d And Theo yelled, \u201cIt's Charlie's fault because she was too wobbly!\u201d And Charlie growled, \u201cNo I wasn't! And it was Dash's idea to sneak the honey in the first place\u201d And round and round they went, getting madder and madder, and louder and louder, yelling and pointing their paws at each other. They didn't even notice how the sky had been turning darker and darker, and how the sea had turned rougher and rougher.
BOOM! Look at the picture, there is a huge flash of lightning. Look at the giant green wave about to tip over the boat.
Dash, Charlie, and Theo were scared.  They didn't care whose fault it was anymore, they were all in the same boat. Wet and blinking, the three bears looked at each other. And Dash said, \u201cIt was my really bad idea.' And Theo said, `It was an accident, but I did knock the shell over.` And Charlie said, \u201cWell, I guess I was sort of wobbly.` They reached out their paws and clung to each other very tightly.
And then, like turning a page, the little boat sailed out of the storm and into the sun. The three bears floated on water as smooth and calm as glass. The storm already seemed far, far behind them. And there, straight ahead, was their very own island. The bears set sail for home. They knew what they had to do.
They pulled their boat up on their own shore, and at the edge of the beach sat a beautiful blue seashell. Picking up the shell, Dash remembered the words of the old, salty bear. \u201cSo, this was the right place?\u201d he asked, looking at his brother and sister. Then the three bears walked up the long dune to their home. 
Mama was waiting for them.  \u201cI'm sorry I broke your shell,\u201d said Theo. \u201cMe too,\u201d said Dash. \u201cMe three,\u201d said Charlie. \u201cBut look what we found for you!\u201d Dash held up the beautiful new shell.
And Mama bear, being a mother,  looked at each one of her three little bears, hugged them all very, very tight, kissed the top of their furry heads, and forgave them. Then she brought them inside for a warm supper. 
But they didn't get any dessert.







